In this video, we'll see how
to customize the style of an in
page experience.
Styling controls
things like the fonts,
font sizes and colors
used in an experience.
To customize the style
of an in page experience,
edit the experience
and then click style
in the left navigation.
There are really two options
when it comes to styling.
You can select a
new theme, which
contains a set of
fonts and colors
that are applied
to the experience
or you could change
specific colors and fonts.
Let's talk about themes first.
A theme is really a
set of colors and fonts
that could be applied to
an experience all at once.
It's a quick way to
completely change
the look of your experience.
Gallery includes a
set of default themes
and you can create
your own custom themes.
Once you select the theme,
all of the colors and fonts
in that theme will be
applied to the experience.
The second option is
to go in and change
the fonts and colors
for individual objects
on the experience.
A list of all the objects
that can be styled
will appear in the
left navigation.
Locate the object
you want to style
and then select a new
color, font, or size
to be applied to the object.
Let's go ahead and do some
styling to our experience.
I'm going to click style
in the left navigation.
To select a new theme, I'll
click the theme selector
at the top of the page.
Gallery ships with
light and dark themes.
The account I'm using also has
some custom themes created.
Let's try some of these themes.
You can see the
styling is updated.
I think I like the
light theme the best.
For information on
creating custom themes,
check the gallery documentation.
To go back to the styling
menu, click the back to styles
link at the top.
Let's change some
of the styling.
Over here in the left
and the global section,
I'm going to click on the
background color circle.
Let's change the
background color.
Click out of the dialog or
click the X to save the change.
Any properties that are changed
will display this back arrow.
You can click on that to go
back to the default value.
Let's change the background
to a lighter color.
If you scroll down,
you could see there are
a lot of objects listed here.
One trick that I like
to try is to hover over
an object on the experience.
If a green box appears,
the item to style
will be active in
the styling menu
and the other objects
will be disabled.
Notice what happens when I
hover over the video info.
Notice the video info section
in the left margin is enabled.
It looks like I can also
style just the title or just
a description.
I'm going to change the
font and the font size.
I also want to change
the color of the overlays
in the playlist.
OK, that's good for now.
We could spend an hour
just doing styling.
I want to mention
two last things.
To style the player--
for example, the color
of the big play button,
you should use the
players module.
I also want to point
out the tabs here
at the top of the page.
We discussed layout
states earlier.
It is possible to
go in and style
each layout state as well.
In the next video,
we'll talk about some
of the experience settings
that can be configured.